Killed herself?
Why?
How would I know?
She was about to quit
because she'd been quite ill.
So I just thought
she didn't want to live anymore.
But why did she
oppose hiring Ms. Pi
as hall director like that?
I mean, Ms. Pi graduated from
Hosu University and studied in Germany.
I don't know.
How would we ever know
what the high-ups think?
Anyway,
when I went to see
the new hall director afterward,
it turned out to be
the woman with big eyes.
COLT 25 POCKET PISTOL
LIGHTER, RADIO
Hey.
Yes?
Showing off your drawing skills?
Is that it?
Darn it.
Add a scar or something.
Right here.
A scar? What for?
You drew him well. It's very similar.
Thank you.
We're not using it to catch him.
It's for promoting
a sense of national security.
Yes, and Lim Soo-ho looks too pretty.
We need the other guys to look scary
to make them look like bad guys.
What's that?
We added them in. People can't think
we're failing to catch only three guys.
Lim Soo-ho and the six spies.
Seven in total.
That's right.
ANNOUNCEMENT ON INVESTIGATION
OF HOSU UNIV. HOSTAGE SITUATION
Lim Soo-ho
went to the Hosu University dorm
to hide with lethal…
Lethal.
You don't even knock now?
Aren't you worried about the students?
Do you expect them to be safe
after provoking the spies like this?
I'm telling you,
he was holding the detonator!
If he pushes it, everyone will die!
Han-na.
Don't go against the flow.
We do what we're told
without question. Absolute obedience.
The detonator?
The director's daughter is in there.
You think he'd do
something that might kill her?
What do you mean?
It's better for you not to know.
What you don't know won't hurt you.
Stop bothering me.
Lethal.
He's here again.
Gal, that bastard. How dare he come here?
That bastard.
He's here!
I'm An Gyeong-hui,
Chief of Anti-communist Investigations.
Before the announcement,
I pray for the souls of
the late Eun Yeong-u,
the son of director Eun,
and the late Marine Kim Yeong-jun.
And I also offer my sincere condolences
to the bereaved families.
Now,
I'll explain how the investigation
for the hostage situation is going.
Lim Soo-ho disguised himself as
an economics student at Berlin University
came to Korea early this year.
The ANSP
started to try to find out
his whereabouts, suspecting he was
Taedong River 1
who'd been acting in Germany.
We had our agents tail him
and keep a close eye on him.
Finally, we saw Professor Han I-seop
secretly meeting Lim Soo-ho.
So we started chasing those two.
A case without hard evidence
but with circumstantial one.
Want to dig into it?
A case?
What kind of case?
Here! Take photos of these.